Project Name
Briefly describe your project in a few sentences.

Table of Contents
Description
Features
Getting Started
Usage
Tests
Contributing
Contact
License
Description
Provide an overview of your project, explaining its purpose and main functionality.

Features
List the key features and functionalities of your project based on the user stories.

Feature 1: As an administrator, provide testimonials that can be inputted and displayed
Feature 2: As a graphic designer, produce a shape listing report, sorted by shape type
Feature 3: As a user, view all graphic objects, including shapes and text
Feature 4: As a user, create shapes from a file for importing objects
Feature 5: As an administrator, move shapes, including text, that are being rendered
Feature 6: As a user, get a list of shapes sorted by area and perimeter
Feature 7: As an administrator, add a text box, write text in it, and modify its properties
Feature 8: As an administrator, draw and delete shapes that are being rendered
Feature 9: As a user, zoom and navigate throughout the canvas
Feature 10: As a user, import and export shapes from/to a file
Feature 11: As an administrator, sort 2D geometric objects by their ID
Feature 12: As a user, contact the team responsible for the product
Feature 13: As a user, save and load changes made on the project
Getting Started
Provide instructions on how to get a copy of the project up and running on a local machine. Include any prerequisites, installation steps, and dependencies.

Usage
Explain how to use the project and its main features. Provide examples or code snippets if necessary.

Tests
Describe the tests that have been implemented to validate the project's features and functionalities. Include instructions on how to run these tests.

Contributing
Explain how other developers can contribute to your project. Provide guidelines for pull requests and code reviews.

Contact
Provide contact information for users or developers who have questions or want to contribute to the project. Include an email address, links to relevant repositories or forums, and any other 
necessary information.

License
Specify the license under which your project is distributed.
